-[helicopter]
-[cheering]
[ann]
So we're finally on
the national tournament's
final match.
Faith has made it
so that these two teams
might fight each other again
to decide who will be
the champion.
Team Meiwa
has the first attack.
[panting]
[ann]
Here comes Hyuga,
going straight through
the offensive!
Tsubasa! Let's end this
once and for all!
I'll win this time, Kojiro!
[ann] Nankatsu's captain
runs to mark Kojiro Hyuga,
and the duel between
captains begin!
Let's see if you can
mark this!
-[grunt]
-[groan]
[ann] Hyuga
gives a tremendous kick
that goes straight to
Tsubasa!
What a way to start
the match!
[groan]
-Tsubasa!
-Damn you, Hyuga!
[Genzo]
He did it on purpose!
[yelling]
[groaning]
What?!
[ann]
Tsubasa passes the ball
- to Misaki!
-[gasp]
Hyuga, it doesn't matter
what you do, I will win!
No! It can't be!
Yes, Hyuga!
That's right.
[Kojiro]
Misaki!
I used to play for
team Meiwa,
but now,
I'm part of the Nankatsu.
So get ready,
because Tsubasa is
much more stronger!
And I,
along with my team mates,
will play to beat the Meiwa
and win the final!
What was that?!
[ann] Misaki returns
the ball to Tsubasa!
Great pass, Taro!
[ann] This is
the Nankatsu's golden duo!
Here it comes!
[ann] Tsubasa doesn't
give it a second thought
and shoots!
It looks like
it'll be the first--
Aw!
- And the goalkeeper gets it!
-[gasp]
[ann]
The ball was stopped by
Team Meiwa's goalkeeper!
A great save by
Ken Wakashimazu!
[narr] Episode 23:
The Star Goalkeeper Returns!
That was a great save, Ken!
-Excellent!
-Well done, Wakashimazu!
[ann] His performance
against Team Furano
was not mere luck!
Wakashimazu
is an exceptional player
with incredible skills!
I'm sorry to
disappoint you, kid.
But as long as I'm
defending this goal,
you will never score!
What did you say?!
The championship of
this tournament,
belongs to Team Meiwa!
Huh?
[ann] Now the Meiwa
is ready to attack!
[Kojiro]
Now it's my turn!
-Give me the ball!
-Yeah!
I'll get the first goal!
-Not if I can help it!
-What the--?!
[ann] And Ishizaki
miraculously
- intercepts the ball!
-You won't get through!
That's great, Ryo!
That's how you do it!
[grunt]
Here it goes, Hajime!
Got it!
[grunts]
[ann] Ishizaki gives
the ball to Taki!
And Team Nankatsu's
back on the offensive!
He's heading straight
to Meiwa's goal!
Stop him! Don't let him
cross the ball!
[reac]
[ann] The Meiwa fights back
and recovers the ball
with a double slide
against Taki!
-Huh?
-[gasps]
[ann] But the incredible
Misaki recovers the ball!
I'm not going to lose
this final!
[ann] Tsubasa moves
to Team Meiwa's goal!
Mark him now!
[ann] This is
the second attempt
from the famous
golden combination!
Misaki makes
a cross and...
[gasps]
[ann] But the ball
was not meant for Tsubasa!
It's mine!
What?!
[ann]
Amazing!
The Meiwa's goalkeeper
is not letting Izawa
get the ball!
Another great save!
Even though Tsubasa was
able to pass the defense,
he couldn't go through
the goalkeeper
Ken Wakashimazu,
who knew where the ball
was going!
[smirk]
This goalie...
is frightening.
[Genzo] He's not only
a great keeper.
His reaction speed
is unique.
Now I'm the third best
keeper in the tournament.
Now I understand how
he was able to stop
the penalty shot.
I told you that no one
would score!
This is yours, Captain!
[grunt]
Great pass, Ken!
Yes! This time,
Hyuga will score a goal!
Stop him, you guys!
Don't let him get too close
to the goal!
Out of my way, fools!
If you want to fight me,
then you better fight
to the death!
[grunts]
[ann]
Hyuga is stopped
by two of
the Nankatsu's defenders!
Out of my way!
-[yell]
-[scream]
[ann] Hyuga manages
to break free
from Nankatsu's defense!
There's no doubt
that this player has
a tiger's determination!
[Kojiro]
Takeshi!
[ann] Hyuga gives
the ball to Takeshi Sawada
who is running staright
to the goal!
The Nankatsu may have
Tsubasa and Taro Misaki
as their golden duo,
but the Meiwa has Hyuga
and Sawada on their side!
Kojiro!
-Got it!
-No!
[ann] Sawada gives it
back to Kojiro Hyuga,
who is ready to shoot!
Take this, Nankatsu!
[gasp]
No!
[ann]
And he can't!
Hyuga's shot is stopped
by the keeper
Genzo Wakabayashi!
[scream]
[ann]
We didn't expect
- any less from him!
-[chuckle]
Team Meiwa may have
Wakashimazu,
but the Nankatsu
has gotten back
its star goalkeeper!
-Yeah!
-Go Nankatsu!
[ann]
It's been a while
- since Wakabayashi
-Let's win!
- positioned himself as
-Let's go!
one of the best keepers!
His talent is known
throughout all Japan
and he is cheered by
the audience!
[ann]
There's no doubt
- his future is
-Great job, Genzo!
- a very bright one!
Very well done!
[Ken]
Genzo Wakabayashi...
I don't know how you did it.
Listen up...
You're gonna need
more than that weak shot
to defeat me.
You won't score
so easily on me.
[growl]
[Kojiro]
Damn you, Wakabayashi!
You'll see... Next time,
I'll definitely get you.
Nankatsu!
Now it's our turn!
Both goalkeepers are
pretty strong, Miss Kaori.
Neither Hyuga nor Tsubasa
have managed to score
on the opposite team.
It is a great opportunity.
What?
The striker chosen
for the Toho Academy
must be able to score
regardless of how good
the goalkeeper is.
And that's the ultimate test
for sure.
Tsubasa!
[grunt]
You won't get through!
[grunting]
[ann] Tsubasa feints and
gets past the Meiwa defense!
He's determined to score
the first goal of the match!
[Roberto]
Think, Tsubasa!
If you just kick,
then the keeper will
stop all your shots.
Soccer is a game
of strategy.
Look around you...
and find a way to score!
[Tsubasa] This time,
I'll score for sure!
[ann] Tsubasa is
about to shoot!
Let's see if number 10
can finally score!
Shoot now!
I'm ready for you!
[grunt]
Huh?
[ann] Oh! Looks like
he lost control of the ball!
What?!
[grunt]
[ann] No!
He was feinting!
He pretended to shoot
and passed the ball,
tricking the keeper!
-But how is it--?!
-Wakashimazu!
[yell]
[ann]
Misaki shoots and...
Impossible!
[ann]
Incredible!
Wakashimazu reacts
and manages to reach
the ball with his foot!
That was excellent,
Wakashimazu!
[ann] But the ball
keeps rolling
and its now under
the possession of
the specialist in
cross passes, Hajime Taki!
-Here!
-It's all yours, Tsubasa!
It's mine!
[grunting]
[ann] Tsubasa is getting
ready to shoot!
[grunt]
[ann] And the keeper
saves it again!
It's unbelievable!
That was great, Ken!
[grunt]
-[panting]
-[ann] That shot was stopped
by Team Meiwa's goalkeeper!
-Whoa!
-That's right!
[ann] Using the goal's
post for impulse,
the keeper rushed to
the ball like a torpedo
and stopped it
in a totally sublime way!
[grunt]
[Mr. Kira] I don't expect
less from you, Ken.
You come from a family
of masters in martial arts.
Since you were a kid,
you were trained in Karate,
and you got your black belt
in no time.
Using the post
to stop the ball...
is something you learned
doing Karate.
[Tsubasa]
Ken Wakashimazu...
If I want to defeat you,
I'll have to
work on my shots.
[Ken]
Tsubasa Ozora...
[panting]
Captain!
This time,
you won't stop me!
-Get in!
-[grunt]
[ann] And it's
a great diving catch
from goalkeeper
Wakabayashi!
Impossible!
[grunt]
-[ann] Nankatsu's keeper
-[chuckle]
is famous
for not letting in any ball
that has been shot
outside the penalty area!
He's been called
the "Supergreat Goalkeeper"
for a reason.
-Did you hear that, Hyuga?
-Huh?
Not even Tsubasa
was able to score on him
from that distance.
So you better forget it.
You won't be able
to do it either.
[laugh]
Not even Tsubasa?
Hmm... That's
an interesting challenge.
So...if I manage
to score on him
by shooting outside
the penalty area,
that'll mean I'm
a better soccer player
than that twerp.
[ann] It's been ten minutes
since the match started
and we're still
nothing-nothing.
Both goalkeepers,
Wakashimazu and Wakabayashi
have not let any balls in
during the match so far!
[Kojiro]
I must admit that...
their team has gotten
way better
since the last time
we faced them.
Even so, we'll win again.
[grunts]
It was obvious that they
would start marking Tsubasa.
This is my chance.
Good, this is my moment.
Now you'll see who is
the Shutetsu striker!
-Tsubasa!
-[grunt]
[ann] And Nankatsu's
captain has the ball.
-[panting]
-No!
Don't let Tsubasa shoot!
-[panting]
-Here it goes!
[ann] Will Tsubasa
score this time?!
Or will he be stopped
once more
by Team Meiwa's
goalkeeper?!
Shoot!
[grunt]
Not yet.
If I shoot now, Wakashimazu
will only stop it.
Tsubasa!
Teppei!
[grunt]
[ann] And what's this?!
Tsubasa turns back
and decides to pass
the ball to Kisugi
instead of shooting!
It looks like another feint!
No!
[ann] He's letting
one of his teammates strike!
Yeah!
Now's my chance!
No way!
[ann]
The center forward Kisugi
is ready to strike and...
[reac]
What?!
[ann]
Incredible!
The goalkeeper blocks it!
Now the ball is
flying up high!
Well done, Wakashimazu!
Not even Teppei
was able to score!
It has to be now!
The only way to score
is with an overhead kick!
[ann]
And here comes Tsubasa,
preparing his famous
overhead kick!
-[gasp]
-[ann] So far,
this shot has been
effective for Tsubasa!
I won't let you!
-[yell]
-[scream]
[ann] And Tsubasa's kick
has been stopped
- by Hyuga The Tiger!
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[ann]
Amazing!
Hyuga managed to block
Tsubasa's famous
overhead kick!
And now, they're both
lying on the ground!
-No! Captain!
-Tsubasa!
I won't let his shot
to be in vain.
I must take this shot!
Just shoot if you dare!
[Tsubasa]
The ball...
I need to kick it.
I must kick...
-the ball!
-Huh?
Tsubasa!
Impossible!
[yelling]
[grunts]
[ann] Tsubasa and Misaki
are both kicking the ball!
That's something
we've never seen before!
[grunts]
Huh?
[Ken] The ball...
I can't see it clearly!
[reac]
[ann] The ball
goes in deep!
The keeper
couldn't move against
that powerful
combined shot!
And Team Nankatsu
is winning 1 to nothing!
-Yes! Go Tsubasa!
-All right, guys!
Hurrah!
We managed to score!
[laugh]
Tsubasa, we did it!
We scored the first goal!
Uh, yeah.
Sorry, I hit my head
and didn't realize
you were going to strike
as well, Taro.
But it looks like we did
a great combined shot!
What a goal, guys!
-Bravo!
-Hey, guys!
-That was amazing!
-The goalkeeper didn't even
-Very well done, man!
-see it coming!
I've never seen
a shot like that!
-[ann] The moment
-Yeah!
- Tsubasa and Misaki kicked
-What a goal,
- the ball at the same time,
-Taro and Tsubasa!
it started to move
in surreal angles
and the goalkeeper
couldn't see it!
[ann] Despite
his incredible saves,
the goalkeeper
Wakashimazu couldn't stop
Misaki and Tsubasa's
combined shot!
No one could've stopped
that kind of shot!
Only they can pull off
something like that.
I've played soccer
for years...
and I've never seen
a shot like that.
[Genzo]
You did a great job!
Well done, Tsubasa!
Well done, Taro!
Why...couldn't I stop
that shot?!
Damn it!
No!
This is not your fault, Ken.
Listen, Ken.
You don't have to feel
so down for one goal.
Huh?
They won't be able to
replicate that special shot.
It was just coincidence,
that's all.
Don't worry about it.
Captain...
I'll make sure...
to put those two
in their place.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[ann] The heat is
intense on the pitch,
and the Meiwa is losing
by one goal.
Will they be able
to catch up
and tie the score?!
[Mr. Kira] The best defense
is a good offense.
Now you must tie the score.
I'm counting on you, Kojiro.
Hmm...
[Genzo] My responsibility
is to keep them
from tying the match,
no matter what it takes.
[whistle]
Get ready, Nankatsu!
[ann] Hyuga's moving
into the offense!
He's not happy about
the opposite team scoring
and you can see
the rage in his eyes!
You won't go through, Hyuga!
[panting]
[ann] The Nankatsu
is approaching,
- ready to defend!
-[yell]
Teppei Kisugi
attacks with a slide tackle!
[grunts]
-[grunt]
-[scream]
[ann] But Hyuga
The Tiger's strength
is too much
for the defense
and he gets through!
Team Nankatsu
is not able to stop him!
You can do it, Tiger!
The tying goal is ours!
[Taro] Hyuga's strength
is impressive.
He's even stronger than when
I played with the Meiwa.
But this time,
I'm part of the Nankatsu,
and I'm going to stop you,
Kojiro!
[grunts]
[ann]
Misaki slides
- toward The Tiger,
-[scream]
- and he knocks him down!
-[grunt]
But the ball
is quickly recovered
by Takeshi Sawada
from Team Meiwa!
Hyuga!
[grunts]
[ann] Hyuga moves fast
towards the ball!
[grunts]
[ann]
And it looks like
he'll try to strike
outside the penalty area!
[Kojiro]
Wakabayashi, I'll score
and I'll demonstrate that
I'm a better player
than Tsubasa!
Take this!
-[ann] And there's the shot!
-[grunt]
Hyuga's trying to score
from the outside!
The ball is moving
at a tremendous speed,
with incredible force!
Wakabayashi!
It doesn't matter
where you try it from!
You won't get through!
[grunt]
[ann] And the goalkeeper
stops the ball!
Excellent save
- from the keeper!
-[gasp]
Hyuga has missed
his shot once again!
[grunt]
[ann]
Even if his movements
are not as acrobatic
as Wakashimazu's,
the goalkeeper
Wakabayashi
has a solid defense!
That's Nankatsu's
super star goalie!
[Mr. Mikami]
Well done, Genzo.
A true goalkeeper
calculates and defends
with complete fortitude.
That's the most
important thing.
[Kojiro] This is the third
shot that idiot stops!
You'll pay for this!
[cheering]
[grunt]
[ann] Hyuga tries
to score once again
from the outside!
[yell]
[ann] But that's not
a problem for Wakabayashi!
[grunts]
Wakabayashi,
I'm your supporter!
That was an amazing shot
and he stopped it
as if it was nothing!
That's amazing.
[Shiroyama] I see that you
healed really well, Genzo.
-[growl] Damn you!
-Uh...
[Ken] Captain, why do you
insist on scoring
from that distance?
Miss, what is he doing?
It's obvious.
[Kaori]
Genzo Wakabayashi is famous
for being able to
stop any ball
coming from outside
the penalty area.
That's why Kojiro Hyuga
is determined to score
on him from there,
to prove his worth
as a player.
However,
that's not the attitude
of a true striker.
Kojiro's performance
in this match...
is not worthy of a striker
from our school.
[panting]
[growl]
Kojiro...
-[cheering]
[ann] There's less than
a minute a minute remaining
for the first half of
- this match to end!
-Come on, Meiwa,
- Team Meiwa will have to
-don't give up!
- improve their offense
-You can do it.
if they hope to tie before
the clock runs out of time!
Over here!
[pant]
[grunt]
-Captain!
-[grunt]
[ann] Meiwa has one
last chance to score!
You'll see!
I'm going to score!
[ann] It looks like his last
shot of the first half
will be from
a long distance!
[grunt]
You won't stop it this time!
-Ah!
-[ann] Hyuga shoots,
- but the goalkeeper easily
-[yell]
predicts the trajectory!
But what's this?!
Takeshi Sawada
is getting near the ball!
[grunts]
[ann] Sawada
goes for the header
and Wakabayashi
is already in mid-air.
- He can't stop it!
-That's impossible!
[gasps]
I did it!
[ann] It looks like Meiwa
will finally get a goal
- to tie the match!
-[gasp]
[grunt]
[yell]
[ann]
And that's incredible!
Wakabayashi pushes
himself with his right arm
and manages to deflect
the ball with his foot!
This is unbelievable!
[whistle]
-Great job, Genzo!
-[chuckle]
[ann] And
the referee's whistle
indicates the end
of the first half!
The goalie
Genzo Wakabayashi
blocked all the shots
from Team Meiwa
on this first half!
On the other hand,
Meiwa's goalkeeper,
Wakashimazu,
is still showing
his amazing skills
despite having received
one goal.
They both did
an amazing job!
[narr] Team Nankatsu's
locker room.
[Shiroyama]
Great work, guys!
And you two,
that was an impressive shot.
Congratulations.
[chuckle]
And since it was counted
as Tsubasa's goal,
that gives him 28
on the goal scorers table.
So he's one goal
above Hyuga,
which makes him
the top goal scorer
of all the tournament,
right?
Don't let them get past you,
Tsubasa.
-[laugh]
-The truth is,
I'm not interested in
being the top goal scorer.
I want something else.
Huh?
[Tsubasa]
To win the tournament!
My dream is that we can fly
the flag together
as champions of
the national tournament.
We worked really hard.
That's why we have to
beat the Meiwa.
[laugh]
Tsubasa.
Yeah!
Let's win!
We have worked so hard
to get this far!
We'll show Team Meiwa
who we are.
Tsubasa...
As Team Nankatsu's captain,
you have proved to be
even better than I am.
[narr] Team Meiwa's
locker room.
Yeah, we had to do this.
-Remember what was said.
-I thought that shot
was going in.
-Me too.
-Just like practice.
-Takeshi.
-Yes?
I don't want you
to interfere again.
Huh?
[gasp]
Captain...
Huh?
Kojiro, listen carefully.
What you are doing
is not worth of Team Meiwa.
What?
The Meiwa always
tries to score
no matter how difficult
it is.
But you, Hyuga,
you are obsessed
to strike stupidly
from outside
the penalty area!
That's not how
Team Meiwa plays!
What?
[grunt]
-Huh?!
-Calm down, captain!
Takeshi...
Yes, captain?
[Kojiro]
I want to apologize to you.
-Huh?
[grunt]
I apologize to you all.
I think I'm just
a bit nervous.
I must win...
in order to be accepted
at the Toho Academy.
-What?!
-Toho?!
Don't tell me you got
an invitation to join them.
That's right.
[Kojiro] They approached me
after our first match.
They told me they...
were interested in me...
and that I was a candidate
to join their school.
And if I get in,
they would cover my tuition,
from junior high school
to college.
That's the reason why
I want to win.
But Toho Academy...
is also interested
in Tsubasa.
And that's why
I tried to score
from outside
the penalty area.
[Kojiro] I thought that if
I scored from that distance,
I would be a better player
than him.
But that attitude was
completely stupid from me.
I understand
what I did was wrong.
Please, I beg you for
your forgiveness.
Takeshi is totally right.
I can't do that.
Captain Hyuga...
[grunt]
I'll get one goal
from Genzo Wakabayashi
no matter what!
Because That's Meiwa's
real style of play!
We'll win no matter what!
That's the attitude!
Mhm.
-Yes, Captain!
-We'll do it for you!
You're going to play
for Toho, you'll see.
Let's win for
the captain, guys!
The Meiwa will be
the champion of
the national tournament!
[Mr. Kira] Finally, our team
is back together.
Kojiro's determination
and Takeshi's heart
have balanced the others,
and now they act
as a real team.
All right!
[Mr. Kira]
There's no doubt about it...
the Meiwa is a team
worth of respect.
Oh yeah!
[Mr. Kira]
Now, you must show it.
You're the man!
[ann] The second half
is about to begin
and the players
are back on the pitch.
There are only
20 minutes
before the tournament
comes to an end.
Huh?
[Tsubasa] There's only
20 minutes left...
I'll win and I'll go to
Brazil with you, Roberto.
I will!
Come on!
You better hurry up, Mom!
My brother's match
already started!
We'll miss it!
-I know, dear.
-[chuckle]
[ann] The second half
is about to start.
Team Nankatsu
is ahead by one goal.
Will they be able
to keep the advantage
for the rest
of the match?!
Team Meiwa must score
against Nankatsu
before the second half ends!
Look!
That's my brother!
Ah!
[Ms. Hyuga]
Kojiro...
[whistle]
Prepare yourselves!
Because now,
you're about to see
the true power
of Team Meiwa!
-Yeah!